Provides the terminal user with office letter quality printed output with full upper/lower case character sets using the Qume daisy wheel print mechanism. Features include vertical, horizontal tabs, variable right and left margins, variable page length andcompletelydynamicpitchsettingsothatthenumberofcharactersprintedon a line may be totally variable. Both carbon and cloth ribbons are available along with a variety of interchangeable type The A1 has extensive graphics plotting capability and is fully supported by a set of Calcomp-compatible FORTRAN plot routines. Optional features include: Automatic text justification that yields perfectly justified text through varying the interword and intercharacter 1/120 inch incremental spacing. Transparency that allows the terminal to print all 128 ASCII characters for debugging and error location. Space compresion allows the host computer to compress out blanks; prior to transmission; the terminal then reinserts them just before printing. Print enhancement yields overstruck, bold characters. Answerback is provided for terminal identification and security. The 33 KSR Teletypewriter is an extremely simple to operate, low-cost data terminal designed to operate over the switched telephone network or point-to-point private line facilities. Available configurations feature various combinations of keyboard data entry and printed page copy options. Terminals can be either sprocket fed (1 original/2 carbon copies) or friction fed (1 original/1 carbon copy). Paper width is 8V2 inches. Speed is 110 Baud. Standard ASCII keyboard with upper case characters is provided. Nonprinting control characters are also provided. Terminals are factory adjusted for 72 character line, with 10-to-the-inch horizontal spacing. Line spacing is adjustable to single or double line. Various paper handling devices are available A standard Bell System 100 Series data set and telephone are required for the configuration. All terminals have The 35 KSR is a heavy duty, low-cost data terminal designed to operate over the switched telephone network or point-to-point private line facilities. Various combinations of keyboard data entry and printed page copy options Terminals can be either sprocket (pin) fed with one original and up to seven carbon copies, or friction fed, with one original and up to two carbon copies. Both are for 8V2 inch wide paper. Pin fed printers include vertical and horizontal tabulation with form feed capabilities. Speed is 110 Baud. Half or full duplex transmission is Keyboard is upper case ASCII with additional non-printing control characters. The impact printers use an interchangeable typebox with interchangeable type pallets. Terminals are factory adjusted for a 72 character line and have 10 characters per inch horizontal spacing. Line spacing is adjustable to single or double line. A standard Bell System 100 Series data set and telephone are required for the configuration. Quiet and compact, the 43 Teleprinter is designed to operate over the telephone network. It includes features to satisfy a broad spectrum of today’s business communication needs. The Bell Telephone Co. of Pennsylvania and Pacific Northwest Bell Tel. Co. also offer this terminal on a point-to-point private line basis. Print quality is exceptionally crisp and easy to read. Characters are formed by a long-life 9-wire impact printhead using a combination of up to 7 out of 9 dots vertically and up to 4 dots horizontally. The pin feed 43 prints up to a 132 character line at 13 characters per inch on 12" wide by 8 V 2 " long fanfold paper. This becomes handy 11 x 8 V 2 " when the V 2 " serrated margins are removed, a convenient size for reproducing and storing using standard office equipment. An original and two carbon copies are provided. When sending or receiving, the model 43 delivers optimum throughput. The buffered, light-touch keyboard permits users to type as fast as skills permit. Incoming data is at true transmission speeds because functions such as carriage return and line feed do not require fill characters for timing. It’s all handled very efficiently by a receive Features include (for dial-up version only): operator selectable 10 or 30 char/sec transmission in either the half or full duplex mode with parity detection on or off, full ASCII upper and lower-case data entry and print-out capability, built-in diagnostics with an integrated 103 type data set (dial up version only). All terminals include operator controls for Talk, DECwriter II is a fast, small, quiet 300-baud interactive hard copy terminal. It functions as an economical, remote or local hard copy input/output device to a host computer. Priced competitively with comparable printer terminals, DECwriter II features improved throughput, reliability, print quality, and forms handling versatility. It is a true 30 characters per second printer — yet it is so quiet that it can readily be used in an office environment. Measured DECwriter II achieves its 30 cps throughput by having a 16-character buffer storage receiving coming data. This buffer stores characters during printing, carriage return, and line feed. When there is more than one character in the buffer, the terminal automatically switches to a 60 cps catch-up printing operation until all characters are printed. American Terminal Leasing makes this terminal available on a 90-day minimum. Thereafter, month to month. The AJ 832 keyboard printer terminal combines a powerful microprocessor, a high speed “daisy wheel” printer, and a typewriter-styled keyboard. The “daisy” type mechanism provides high quality printing and the ability to select from a wide range of operator interchangeable type styles. Automatic print intensity control and a print enhancement mode are part of each AJ 832. The AJ 832 incorporates the familiar typewriter-styled keyboard layout. An optional APL keyboard is also available. A 17-key numeric pad, arranged similarly to a standard adding machine, facilitates numeric data entry. The seven function keys at the numeric keyboard are programmable (option). High resolution plotting is a feature of the AJ 832. Every machine is equipped with the normal plot mode, which allows curves and graphs to be printed accurately and efficiently. Where faster plotting is required, the optional ULTRAPLOT mode will perform this function at significantly increased speeds. Multi-part forms can be handled by the optional pin feed platen or forms tractor. Features such as forward and reverse platen feed and electronic control of horizontal and vertical tabs make form handling a simple task. Optional paper trays can be provided to hold and stack forms. A copy control lever on the AJ 832 provides uniform quality for an original and up to five copies. A switch provides selection between 10 or 12 characters per horizontal inch. Variable horizontal pitch can be achieved by using an escape code. Standard vertical spacing issix lines per inch. An escape code permits othervertical spacing such as eight lines per inch. The AJ 860 is a desk top dot matrix teleprinter terminal that produces a high resolution 9x5 character with its 9x12 character cell. The A J 860 produces crisp, clean upper case alphanumeric characters, true lower case characters, and character line underscore. On command the 9 wire print head will produce a double width character. With the AJ 860 the user may select up to 24 horizontal and 24 vertical tab settings, address any one of 132 print positions, set form length, top of form, and both margins - either from the keyboard or remotely by use of a control code. The dual gate forms control tractor, which accommodates paper from 2 " to 1478" is synchronized with the platen to minimize stress and Concurrent operation of up to 3 character sets - ASCII, APL, and Graphics - is accomplished through alternate code selection. Thestandard AJ860featuresthefull 128character ASCII code set with 94printablecharacters. To this may be added an optional APL code set and keyboard, permitting the printing of all recognized APL characters. For the user who needs to generate charts, graphs, and flow diagrams with both horizontal and vertical annotations the optional graphics code set can be added at any time. The sculptured typewriter-styled keyboard of the AJ 860 includes a separate 17 key numeric pad for high speeddataentry. Additionalfeaturesarelastlinevisibilityduringoperatorinput,adjustable Heavily modified Selectric, with electronic keyboard. Uses ASCII character set (modified). Terminal is half duplex with baud rates of 110,150 or 300. Print speed is 15 cps. Interface is RS232C. The first microprocessor-based daisy wheel terminal. Economical, reliable and field-proven, the DTC-300/S set industry standards others still don’t meet. More than 5,000 have been delivered since production began in 1974. A mobile stand unit with 30 cps printing, plotting, addressable horizontal and vertical tabs, and scientific notation. Options include BCD/Correspondence IBM codes at 2741 speeds (ASCII is standard). A state-of-the-art terminal incorporating high speed impact printing up to 55 cps. Features variable hammer impact for improved print quality, high resolution plotting, optional paper and ribbon out Available in two models, the DTC-302 Keyboard/Send/Receive (KSR) and the DTC-302 Receive Only (RO). Either Incorporates superior quality impact printing, state-of-the-art performance, and full screen CRT expansion. Functions include proportional spacing, automatic reverse typing and underlining, shadow printing, scientific As a terminal/CRT display system, the DTC-382 combines the speed of CRT display with the print quality of a daisy The DTC-382 is also available without the video display at a cost of $169 per month for a one year lease including coupler and $146 per month for a three year lease including coupler. Purchase price including coupler is $4070. “The LA36 DECwriter II is an advanced-technology teleprinter designed to offer fast, reliable operation with the best price/performance ratio of any 30-cps teleprinter in the industry. The DECwriter II is equally at home in communications applications or computer console applications. “The DECwriter II is loaded with many practical functiona! and operator features. Among these are the true 30-cps throughput accomplished by a 60-cps catchup mode which is activated any time more than one character is present in the 16-character buffer. Also featured are quiet 48 db operation, inf initely variable vertical forms adjustment, variable “The integral stand design always provides correct height for easy operator use of the typewriter-style keyboard. Optional features include integral modems and couplers, forms handling, communictions options, and ASR buffers.” Available from Digital’s Components Group in quantity. Also may be leased, rented or purchased in smaller quantities “DECwriter III is surprisingly flexible. Although it’s designed for 1200-baud transmission, this serial, asynchronous device can switch to 110- or 300-baud operation — plus an additional operator selected rate of up to 4800 baud — at the push of a button. So it’s likely to fit well with your present equipment. You can also select on-line or local “DECwriter III is fast, too. That’s because it prints at 180 cps and has a IK-character FIFO buffer. Plus it’s smart. DECwriter III ‘looks’ ahead to see where the next line begins, and returns the carriage only to that point. No wasted “Best of all, DECwriter III delivers all that power at a competitive price. We took the best features of the field- proven DECprinter and DECwriter II, added some extras, and produced the most powerful, versatile, economical Available from Digital’s Components Group in quantity. Also may be leased, rented or purchased in smallerquantities (Included in above price) 4 speed switch selectable ADJ. Forms Tractor, 132 Column Switchable to 80, choice ot RS232-Current Loop or Parallel Interface, Paper Out Switch & Indicator, New Line Switch Selectable 94 Printing Char. ASCII or TTY Mode Switch Selectable Adjustable Printhead for printing up to 12 copies, parity, switch selectable. APL, Larger Buffers to 512 Characters, Answerback (WRU), Horizontal Tab, Vertical Tab, Forms Tray, Pedestal, The Model B 208 L Keyboard Send/Receive Terminal is a totally solid-state, electronically-controlled tabletop unit, designed to satisfy general purpose switched network applications. The unit is housed entirely in one module of contemporary styling which blends well with any office decor. Its small size and extremely low operating noise level The long life expectancy and reliability of the machine s computer-style control circuitry mean that the terminal is well The keyboard has been arranged similar to that of a standard electric typewriter so that little training time should be The printer portion of the terminal provides a 5 x 7 dot matrix printout on either standard teleprinter paper or pressure sensitive paper. The standard machine includes a ribbon mechanism, utilizing a V 2 -inch nylon ribbon which reverses automatically and can be changed without tools. Access to control switches, the typing unit, and internal components is The unit can be easily characterized to the individual user’s specifications by the installer or serviceman. An internal editable memory ASR in contemporary office styling. Extel’s Model 318 SWL is a versatile, heavy duty send receive terminal, suitable for TWX and dataphone applications, smaller and quieter than most office typewriters. An internal, solid state memory with full editing package permits the high speed preparation and transmission of error free messages at speeds up to 30 cps. Multi copy impact printing using standard paper and ribbons. Standard switch options covering any three line speeds, 64/96/238 character set, line spacing, parity,FDX/HDX,etc.are augmented by a variety of additional keyboard programmable features in this powerful, versatile terminal. Modular construction, latest state of the art microprocessor electronics and a well proven typing unit ensure the RS232 interface is standard, plug compatible with most acoustic couplers and data sets. High level polar or neutral The TermiNet 30 teleprinter is a 30 character per second pedestal mounted matrix printer providing terminal facilities for the exchange of communication in attended or unattended operations. It is an impact printer, primarily electronic in design and containing minimum number of moving parts. Modularized in construction and stylized for attractive office use. The TermiNet 30 printer is adapted for ease of serviceability. Highly flexible, the TermiNet 30 has a wide range of easily installed options including both paper tape and magnetic tape transmission systems. Combinations of PCB’s and strapping options provide additional flexibility. The printer can be equipped with a multi-forms option The TermiNet 300 printer by General Electric is a compact, self-contained unit similar in size to an electric typewriter. It provides terminal facilities for the exchange of communication in an attended or unattended mode via appropriate transmission facilities. It is capable of transmitting and receiving data at up to 300 baud (1200 baud with optional tape equipment). Speed is switch-selectable from 10 to 30 cps. Using conventional paper, the printer can produce up to six-part copies. Primarily electronic, the printer has a wide variety of options that highly increases its flexibility for use in timesharing, communication networks, computer systems or general data transaction systems. Completely modularized, it has extremely quiet operation as a result of its electronics package. The TermiNet 1200 printer with speeds up to 120 cps is an interactive printer designed and built by General Electric s Data Communication Products Department. It utilizes a rotating belt print technology which has been proven to be highly reliable. It can produce up to six part copies over a scan of 120 columns. Primarily electronic in design, it contains a minimum number of moving parts and is extremely quiet in operation. It can be used in a wide variety of applications including time-sharing, message networking, general transaction systems and as a computer input/output device. A wide variety of options is available to provide the unit with flexibility and provide additional The TermiNet 1232 teleprinter is a 132 column unit designed to operate at speeds up to 120 cps. It includes a Ik buffer and utilizes the same highly reliable rotating belt principle as previous TermiNet models. Fully formed characters are printed with individually replaceable print fingers inserted into the belt. It can produce up to six copies and is especially useful in the printing of forms sinch both horizontal and vertical tabbing is easily done through the keyboard. The printer comes equipped with a ribbon cartridge easily installed and containing 65 yards of ribbon to provide millions of characters of printing life. Optionally, the printer can include a numeric cluster, answerback. 20 MA interface, line control, and APL keyboard and either a bridge mounted magnetic tape unit The HARRIS 1030 utilizes the Heavy Duty IBM Selectric mechanism and achieves additional high reliability through the use of integrated circuits, solid state components, and magnetically-actuated switches sealed against dust and humidity. The printer operates 15 characters per second, and functions at a low noise level, suitablefor any office environment. The terminal is IBM 2741 compatible, capable of communication through standard dial-up telephone lines, or direct connection to a computer system. Transmitted signals are coded in either binary-coded decimal (EBCD) or correspondence (Selectric typewriter) code. The integrity of the data being transmitted and received during on-line operations is fully assured through internal parity checking circuits. The terminal may be linked to the commercial dial network, or to leased lines in a variety of ways each terminal requiring a separate communications channel. It can be equipped with a HARRIS model 90 modem with either acoustic or hard-coupled interface, or with an RS-232-C The HARRIS 1035 includes a Tape Deck, which provides storage capability for data generated from the keyboard or data being received from the line. The recording method is return to zero with each character being verified after it is written. Each tape cartridge holds up to 90,000 characters of information. The HARRIS 1035 accomplishes a variety of data capturing and communications base functions. Some of the application areas are: Off-line program preparation and storage, preparation of textual information for high-speed input to text-editing systems, and repetitive document Lear Siegler’s Model 220 Printer is a 1200 baud terminal designed for dial-up, time sharing applications where a wide variety of modems are used. This model includes a full upper and lower case ASCII keyboard with control The TC 485 Keyboard Send/Receive Terminal is a highly reliable impact type device that can be used as a simple 8-bit teleprinter, as a simple inter-active terminal, as a small batch terminal or as a console terminal. It has a flexible number of communications interfaces: EIA RS232C, neutral or polar telegraphic, and 20MA current loop interface. It uses the USASCII code set. Standard fan-fold paper is used in any size (3” to 15"), and prints 132 columns at 10 characters per inch. The ribbon cartridge is easily snapped in place for replacement. The dot matrix print head provides a full character impact (7x9) for 1 original and 3 copies, yet the quietness of operation is suitable for a small office. Top speed typing is maintained by a buffer that stores data during paper and carriage movement. The print rate is actually stepped up during such phases to insure no data loss. A wide variety of options are available including programmable tab memory, top of form, form length and form feed. Additionally paper tape, magnetic tape, and minidisk with semi-conductor memory may be specified. A Receive Only The Carousel 310 Terminal with 30 character per second impact printing. Has El A RS232C interface, operating at 110, 150 and 300 baud, switch selectable, transmitting full and half duplex. Features Electronic Format Control, 96 Character Set, Keyboard with Numeric Pad, Rear Feed Paper Path for multipart form. Includes patented non-skew Unique with the Carousel line is a power-front forms insertion device that automatically feeds ledger cards, single sheet and bottom-glued multipart forms into the platen. An additional accessory enables this device to handle multipart forms which are not bottom-glued, even when the sheets making up the form are of varying length. Also offered are an adjustable-width pin-feed tractor and a journal roll holder that can be interchanged in seconds. A wide variety of print cups can be selected that include the standard Courier 72, APL and OCR-A fonts. All are Ideally suited for business and financial environments, the Carousel 310 has already proved its forms-handling effectiveness in thousands of installations in such areas as banking, insurance and credit. A 30 character per second impact printer with EIA RS232C interface, operating at 110, 150 and 300 baud, switch selectable, transmitting full and half duplex. Featuring 96 Character Set, Keyboard with Numberic Pad, Rear Feed Path, The Carousel 350 essentially offers two printers in one. Each section has its own independent drive system, forms- handling options, programmable left margin, programmable form length, and addressable vertical positioning. Typically, one platen section is used for journalling interactive messages between the operator and computer system, and report printing. The other section handles and prints the ledger card form. The Carousel 350 can easily be re-configured by the operator in less than a minute, including changing to another platen with a different split location, further extending its versatility and economy. Carousel print fonts are operator interchangeable and are available in a variety of styles including OCR-A, APL and The QUALTERM Terminal is a letter quality portable for use with any host computer. It has a universal interface (compatible) with IBM 2741, EIA-RS 232C, Parallel or other) and uses USASCII, BCD, and EDBIC code sets. The terminal uses standard paper or forms any size up to 15 inches wide, prints 132 columns at 10 characters per inch, plus 158 columns at 12 characters per inch either friction or pin feed. The 96 character universal “Daisy” wheel is just as easy to remove as the font on a Selectric typewriter and has the same kind of service ability and variety of The “Daisy” print wheel provides a full character impact for clear sharp 6 part forms, yet quiet enough for operation in a small office. The reverse and advance half space line indexing and forward and reverse typing provides high through-put. Top speed typing and plotting is maintained by a buffer that stores information during paper and carriage movement. It actually makes up for lost time with bursts of speed to insure no loss of data. Programmable tab memory, horizontal and vertical, simplifies plotting, financial posting and forms filing. Other capabilities include: Operator controlled variable spacing and computer controlled proportional spacing, automatic super and sub scripting, bold face headings programmable top of form, form length, and form feed. Also optionally available are plug compatible store and edit (floppy disk) units and multiple computing floppy disk The keyboard is 128 character, ASCII upper and lowercase, alpha and numeric punctation. It also has 97 character set, (64 printable) optional for compatibility with upper case only devices. Break key is included for half duplex software. Data transmission is 110,150or 300 baud, switch selectable. It can run local, half duplex or full duplex, switch selectable. The LA-36 prints in true 30-CPS with 60-CPS catch-up. Full 132 column printing with 10 characters per inch horizontally and 6 lines per inch vertically. It will print original and five (5) copies. Uses standard pin feed tractor drive. The LA-36 is 33.2 inches high, 27.5 inches wide, and weighs 100 pounds. It may be used in series with CRTs or the Randal floppy disk send and receive, (store and edit) for off or on line communications. The Texterm Terminal is a multi-use terminal that offers reliability, letter quality print and graphics capability. Texterm is an ASCII, asynchronous terminal with a microprocessor that sends and receives from a remote terminal or host computer. It is compatible with other 110-300 baud modems, using RS232-C interface. The complete flexibility of the printer mechanism is maintained in the interface design so that appropriate software can take advantage of the printer s graphics capability, it’s high speed horizontal and vertical tabbing and it’s backward printing capability. Unnecessary carriage movement is eliminated, thus making the effective print speed Options available are numeric key pad, Logical bit-paired keyboard and forms tractor. The Teletype model 33 is one of the most popular data terminals on line today. It has found wide acceptance across the data communications spectrum from simple data exchange to complex computer input/output applications. Designed for standard duty operation, the model 33 is easy to operate and maintain. Printing is by means of a type- wheel that prints a maximum 63 ASCII Characters. The 33 operates at 10 chars/sec and prints a 72 character line using inexpensive teletypewriter paper. The friction feed version provides an original and one copy while the pin feed Interface is 20/60 ma dc current loop which is convertible to EIA (RS232) by a modification kit. Terminals are also The keyboard generates all 128 ASCII code combinations as well as even vertical parity. Other features include automatic carriage return and line feed, paper alarm, answer-back, fold over printing and a function box that can be used These terminals are also available with paper tape punch and reader facilities. Quiet, compact and lightweight, the Teletype 43 teleprinter is designed to operate over the telephone network and point-to-point private line facilities. It includes features to satisfy a broad spectrum of today s business communication needs — from simple data exchange to diverse computer input/output applications. Print quality is exceptionally crispand easy to read. Charactersare formed by a long-life 9-wire impact printhead using a combination of up to 7 out of 9 dots vertically and up to 4 dots horizontally. The friction feed 43 prints up to a 72 or 80 character line at 10 characters per inch. Vertical spacing is 6 lines per inch. A sharp original and one copy is provided on standard 8Va" wide roll paper. The pin feed 43 prints up to a 132 character line at 13 characters per inch on 12" wide by 8 V 2 " long fanfold paper. This becomes handy 11" x 8 V 2 " when the V 2 " serrated margins are removed, a convenient size for reproducing and storing using standard office equipment. An original and two carbon copies are The buffered, light-touch keyboard permits users to type as fast as skills permit. Incoming data is at true transmission speeds because functions such as carriage return and line feed do not require fill characters for timing. It’s all handled efficiently by a receiver buffer and the printer’s catch-up capability. Features include operator selectable 10 or 30 char/sec transmission in either the half or full duplex mode with parity detection on or off, full ASCII upper and lowercase data entry and print-out capability, built-in diagnostics, plus a choice of interface: EIA (RS232); TTL (Digital); or with an integrated 103 type data set. Terminals with the built-in data set also incude operator controls for The Exchange Data Terminal 33 is a versatile communications terminal designed for transmitting and receiving data over the telephone exchange network. A standard 20 character answerback can be coded to customer specifications, and single or double line spacing is available. The printer is offered in two versions; friction feed or pin feed. The pin feed version can accommodate printed forms and comes standard with form feed. The ASR model of the EDT 33 offers paper tape punching and reading capabilities. This allows for the preparation of data off-line. The data may then be transmitted to a computer at the maximum transmission rate of the terminal. The Exchange Data Terminal 300 KSR is a versatile communication terminal. It is a compact, self-contained unit designed for transmitting and receiving data over the telephone exchange network at various speeds (110, 150, and 300 Baud), in serial form, and prints on conventional paper by impact means. It is primarily electronic in design and contains a minimum number of moving parts, resulting in extremely quiet operation. It is completely The Exchange Data Terminal 1232 is a quiet, high speed, serial asynchronous data communications device designed to operate at speeds of 10,20,30, and 120 characters per second (cps). It is RS232C compatible and uses the USASCII code set. An integrated numeric key pad and control key cluster is incorporated into the keyboard. The printer has 132 print positions and is capable of printing 95 ASCII graphic characters with extremely high print quality. This is even soon multipart forms; an original and fivecopiesisnormal. An adjustabletractorfeed mechanism is provided which will accommodate edge-punched fan-fold paper or forms from 3 to 14-7/8 inches in width. Vertical tab, horizontal tab and form feed are standard. The paper can be loaded from either the front or rear of the 1232. There is a 1,024 character buffer in the EDT 1232 which provides an effective throughput of 120 cps. In addition, the EDT 1232 may be ordered with a magnetic tape cassette buffer. With this option data can be prepared and stored off-line The Xerox 1700 is a desktop, microprocessor-driven terminal utilizing the Diablo Hytype II printer mechanism. It affords the user typewriter-quality printed output at speeds of up to 45 cps. Cut sheet or continuous form paper may be used; form width may be up to 15 inches — 132 columns at 10-pitch or 158 columns at 12-pitch. Horizontal and vertical spacing may be varied under program control, as may a host of other forms control features. Graphics mode The 1700 communicates asynchronously using ASCII code, and is supplied with the EIA RS 232C interface; switch selectable transmission rates are standard at 110, 150 and 300 baud; with 1200 baud full duplex an option. 2 Quantity discounts available, GSA pricing available 3 Greater equity accrual rate than under 1-year lease. The Xerox 1760 is a microprocessor - driven computer terminal using the Diablo 2300 matrix printer mechanism. The 1760 offers typewriter - style keyboard, automatic bi-directional printing, high speed horizontal and vertical tabbing The 1760 communicates asynchronously, at switch-selectable transmission speeds of 300,1200,1800 or 4800 baud; The Xerox 1760 is suited to a wide range of interactive timesharing applications, or may be used as the printer with a The CDI Miniterm 1203 is a compact portable printer terminal designed for a wide variety of data preparation applications. Utilizing a versatile Alphanumeric Keyboard equipped with N Key rollover and is switch selectable into any of the following modes — Teletype (TTY); Typewriter (upper/lower case) and Numeric. The Miniterm 1203 has a built-in modem and acoustic coupler which are compatible with all major time-sharing systems over telephone lines. A standard RS-232 connector is provided for interface with any compatible equipment including CRT displays; X-Y plotters or tape cassette devices. A permanent hard copy record of data transmitted and data The Miniterm Models 1204 and 1205 are compact, lightweight ASR computer terminals designed for a wide variety of remote data preparation, editing and communications applications. Both models utilize a built-in mini-cassette and versatile 8K random access memory providing a simultaneous transmit and receivecapability with all majorcomputers and central processors. Incorporated in both terminals is an extremely versatile Alphanumeric Keyboard, it is equipped with N Key rollover and is switch selectable into any of the following modes - Typewriter (upper/lower case); Alternate (TTY or APL); or Numeric. Both terminals utilize manual switches allowing the user to select local, full or half duplex The portable 1205 model provides a built-in modem and acoustic coupler which are compatible with all major timesharing systems over ordinary telephone lines. A standard RS-232 connector is provided on both the 1204 and 1205 The CD11132 is a wide carriage portable printer terminal designed for a wide variety of data preparation applications. Communication with a remote computer can be established by placing the phone handset in the acoustic coupler, located on the rear of the terminal and dialing the computer telephone number. A permanent hard copy record of data transmitted and data received from the computer is provided by the thermal character printer. A standard RS-232 connector is provided for interface with any compatible equipment including CRT displays, X-Y Plotters, or tape cassette devices. The 1132 comes equipped with manual switches which allow the user toselect full, half or local duplex The Execuport 300 is a completely self-contained portable, consisting of printer, keyboard, acoustic coupler and carrying case. The 300 is available in a teletype or multi-mode keyboard. A repeat key and back space key are standard equipment. It features two R.S. 232 connectors, a data access jack keyboard isolate mode, print position counter, single Optional equipment includes: 20 Mil Loop, response generator, 400 Hz power supply. The Execuport 3000 is a completely self-contained, lightweight, wide carriage portable terminal. It consists of a keyboard, printer, accoustic coupler and integral carrying case. The terminal is available in ASCII, ASCII/APL or API The keyboard is available in the standard teletype layout or with an optional seperate 20 key numeric cluster. Both bit The printer will accept either size paper; 80 and 136 characters per line. The printer also features a 24 step to the inch bidirectional paper movement to allow for plotting, a print position indicator and single and double spacing Two RS232-C and acoustic coupler are the standard interfaces. Also available are a 20 mil current loop, additional Also available as options are a 40 Character Buffer to obviate the necessity of fill characters on the carriage return, a Data Logger which prints a complete character set for the non-print characters and a variety of response generators The Scope Data Series 200 is a transportable electrosensitive non-impact printing terminal. Itismostoftensuppliedina modified EIA-RS232c interface for operation with half or full duplex standard and acoustically coupled modems. Parallel and current loop interfacing is also available. The terminal prints 80 columns at 10 characters per inch on 8 V 2 " wide electrosensitive paper. An optional 132 columns at 16.5 characters per inch is also available. An operator controlled baud rateselect switch as well as half or full duplex selection permits useof the Series 200 in either 300 or 1200 Other features include quiet operation and compact size. The printer is buffered to store data during carriage return and paper advance. No ribbons or toners are required. The print heads used are low cost and operator replaceable. The Model 733 ASR offers simultaneous transmit and receive capability, selectable record or playback on each cassette, and simultaneous on-line transmission and off-line data preparation. Additional standard features include high speed tape duplication and a complete, off-line block and character data editing facility. ANSI - compatible cassettes arp used with 86 character block recording, providing about 288,000 characters storage per cassette. A full range of options is available, including a full ASCII Keyboard, 1200 baud transmission, acoustic coupler, answer-back memory, remote device control, a Binary Data Format for storage of object programs, and others. The Model 733 is also available in a KSR version, and both versions are available with Baudot/CCIITT code (Model 732) and a choice of line The Model 745 Portable Data Terminal is a member of TI s “Silent 700” data terminal family. The 745 is microprocessor controlled for superior reliability and performance. The field-proven thermal printing technique delivers virtually silent, true 30 cps printing for a fast, hard copy. Weighing only 6 kg. (13 lbs.), the briefcase-sized 745 provides true portability, fitting easily under an airline seat. The Model 745 has a built-in acoustic coupler and optional auxiliary El A The Model 743 KSR is the companion model to the 745. The 743 is a compact keyboard send-receive terminal ideal for stationary computer input/output. The Model 743 KSR interfaces via TTY, EIA, or optional integral modem. Both the 745 and the 743 terminals are available with optional dual APL/Full ASCII keyboard. The first known commercial application of magnetic bubble memories in the computer industry, the Model 765 Portable Memory Terminal is a fully capable 30 cps terminal with a full ASCII keyboard, built-in numeric cluster, builtin acoustic coupler, and carrying case. Powerful editing capability, a file management system, and a powerful operator command mode provide excellent user flexibility. The standard 765 also includes traditional ASR functions such as playback and The Tl bubble memory used inthe 765 isanon-volatiledatastoragemediumthatretainsdataeven whenthepowerisoff. Compared to electro-mechanical storage devices, bubble memories have the advantages of electronic reliability, higher access speeds, smaller size, less weight, and reduced power consumption. The Model 763 is a companion model of the 765. Offering the same features and capabilities as the 765, the Model 763 console communicates via EIA or current loop and is available with an optional internal originate only modem. The DATASPEED® 40/1 is an economical communications terminal which is especially suited for situations where terminal distribution of traffic volume does not require a private line system. A unique feature permits data to be edited on a display monitor before being sent to a computer, that keeps your costs down in three ways: 1) Reduced line time, 2) Less processing time, and 3) Fewer costly errors. The 40/1 is flexible enough to meet a wide range of communications applications, and can be used on both the public network and point-to-point private line systems. A variety of terminal configurations are available, including any combination of a keyboard display, a keyboard display printer and a receive-only printer. Modern and versatile in styling, the terminals are available in pedestal- Features include Built-in Diagnostics to speed servicing and reduce downtime, Modular Design, Variety of Customer Options, Protection of Specified Data, Highlighting of Selected Data for empahsis or ready reference, Clear, Easy-to- Understand Operation, Impact printer which operates at on-line speeds with either friction or tractor feed paper, and The DATASPEED® 40/2 is a flexible communications terminal especially suited for time-sharing systems that currently use teletypewriter terminals. With it, characters can be entered and sent directly from the keyboard, or from a display monitor after entry and editing. It can also receive and store data and prepare hard copy on a printer module. Features such as destructive scrolling, line wrap around and remote or automatic printer control make data handling extremely easy and economical. Two line speeds and a variety of options make the terminal compatible DATASPEED 40/2 terminals have been designed with the flexibility to meet a wide range of data communication applications. Terminals are available as keyboard display or keyboard display printer units. Modern and versatile in styling, they are available as pedestal-mounted or table models to fit nearly every work station requirement. Features include a Speed Selection of 300 or 1200 bps, Special key allows operator to switch between speeds (110,150, 600 bps also available), Half-Duplex or Full-Duplex Operation, Unlimited Receiving on Display Destructive scrolling permits continuous or repeated display of data, Impact printer which operates at on-line speeds with either friction or tractor feed paper, 80 or 130 column printing, Built in diagnostics to speed servicing and reduce downtime, Modular Design, Variety of Customer Options, Protection of Specified Data, Highlighting of Selected Date for emphasis or ready reference, and Clear, Easy-to-Understand Operation. The DATASPEED® 40/3 is an advanced dat3 communications terminal for use over multi-point private-line networks. An important feature allows it to transmit a message to several locations simultaneously, saving the time and expense of sending data to each station individually. The DATASPEED 40/3 system combines flexibility with economy of operation and fast, accurate data flow. Traffic is controlled by a centralized message switcher which polls stations to pick up messages, intercepts messages, addresses stations for message delivery and verifies that all messages are completely and accurately received. Each station monitors the signal on the transmission line, seeking its own code and in turn indicating its readiness to receive. Terminals can be conditioned to identify themselves automatically when communicating with the computer, assuring that the proper terminal is replying. The terminals are modular in design and can be arranged to suit virtually every station requirement. Components include a solid-state station controller which provides all the necessary line-control functions, allowing the operator to concentrate on message preparation and handling. Features include Solid-State Station Control, Automatic Response to Station Polling, Built-in Diagnostics to Speed servicing and reduce downtime, Modular Design, Variety of Customer Options, Protection of specified Data, Highlighting of Selected Data for emphasis or ready reference, Clear, Easy-To-Understand Operation, Impact printer which operates at on-line speeds with either friction or The DATASPEED® 40/4 is a data communications terminal for multi-point private line systems using binary synchronous line control procedures. It is compatible with many of today s in-use systems, and is ideally suited to systems where data is requested, entered, edited and sent on an interactive basis. Twelve special function keys which are standard on the terminal serve as a short-hand means for communicating central messages. Possible assignments for these keys are virtually unlimited. Errors caused by distortion are all but eliminated by a number of automatic controls built into the terminal which check and cross-check all transmissions. DATASPEED 40/4 terminals are modular in design to accommodate a large variety of user needs. In a mini-cluster arrangement, one controller can support as many as 2 keyboard displays and one printer. Other arrangements with Features include Impact printer which operates at on-line speeds with either friction or tractor feed paper, 80 to 132 column printing, Binary Synchronous Line Protocol for highly standardized procedures and easy operation, Protection of Specified Data Fields, Highlighting of Selected Data including special instructions for operator, All transmission Automatically Sent and Checked by block to assure error-free communication, Automatic Terminal and Display Field Identification, Built-in Diagnostics to speed servicing and reduce downtime. The VuSet Visual Display Terminal is an extremely simple to operate, low cost CRT display device designed to operate over the switched telephone network or point-to-point private line facilities. Two configurations are available, one using the TOUCH-TONE® telephone as a numeric-only input device, the other using a separate keyboard for full alphanumeric input. In the alphanumeric mode the system is essentially teletypewriter compatible, interfacing with standard Bell System 100 Series modems at the computer end. The terminal itself includes an Keyboard output is serial, asynchronous at 300 baud. Data entry capability includes all 64 ASCII characters and 33 control characters from the keyboard. 64 or 128 alphanumeric characters can be displayed on the CRT. Display The Regent 100 terminal is a teletypewriter compatible video display terminal. The Regent 100 displays a total of 1,920 highly legible characters arranged in 24 lines with 80 characters per line. A 25th line, a “status” line distinct from the rest of the display, shows at a glance the operating mode of the terminal. Communication with the data processing system or minicomputer takes place a character at a time, on a conversational basis, via a standard EIA RS232C interface or a 20 milliampere current loop interface. Eleven transmission rates, up to 9,600 baud, are A full set of visual attributed reverse video, underline, half and zero intensity and blinking are all standard features of the Regent 100. Combining full cursor addressability, 96 ASCII character set, and line drawing, the Regent 100 is an A significant feature of this terminal is the Regent 100’s “status” line. This line, distinct from the data entry area, reveals the operational condition of the terminal at a glance. In addition to “status” messages (Local, Carrier, Auxiliary On), the results of the Regent 100’s self diagnostic test of memory and the communications interface The Regent 100 has an option package which provides eight function keys, five keys to facilitate movement of the cursor, and an auxiliary bidirectional serial interface used to connect peripheral devices to the Regent. The Regent 200 terminal is a teletypewriter compatible video display terminal. Displaying a total of 1,920 highly legible characters arranged in 24 lines with 80 characters per line, the Regent 200 also has a status line distinct from the rest of the display. This line displays the operating mode of the terminal and the results of its self diagnostic tests of memory and communications interface. Communication with the data processing system or minicomputer takes place a character at a time, on a conversational basis, via a standard EIA RS232C interface or a 20 milliampere current loop interface. Eleven transmission rates up to 9,600 baud are avilable, and ail are switch selectable. Because it is completely buffered, the Regent 200 significantly reduces CPU functions and software requirements. The choice of either PAGE or MESSAGE operating mode allows local display and editing before communication to the computer. In PAGE mode, the operator can transmit a small unit of data, using the partial transmit feature, while with the MESSAGE mode, line at a time transmission is possible. A third mode, CONVERSATIONAL transmits a character at a time. The FORMS GENERATION mode of the Regent 200 allows the operator to generate a formatted screen with protected and variable fields, and to transmit it to a computer or an auxiliary device. Other fields can be embedded in the screen format to control a printer or transmit unique codes in the data stream. Protected or variable data in the display can be highlighted by reverse video, half and full intensity, blinking and underlining Standard features include eight pre-programmed function keys, a fourteen key numeric pad and auxiliary An editing option package is available on the Regent 200. This package allows the operator to insert or delete either Beehive’s B150 terminal is a self-contained operator/computer accessible, remote video display terminal. The B150 has switch selectable transmission rates from 75 to 19,200 bps and features cursor control, lower case descender characters and an auxiliary send, editing, formatting, blinking and 16 special function keys are some of the features The B150 design utilizes low power Schottky technology and programmable logic arrays which ensure a reliable, flexible and expandable unit. As the low cost terminal in Beehive’s product line, the B150 provides unique Beehive’s B157 is a low cost operator/computer accessible remote video display terminal. Other features of this unit not listed above are, communicative cursor keys, direct cursor addressing and other code and function considerations which make the B157 compatible with most time sharing applications. An auxiliary/printer interface The B157 is also offered in an upper level configuration ($1770.00 list) which contains the following additional features; block send, auxiliary/printer block send, formatting, editing, blink video and 16 special function keys. Beehive International’s B550 is a self-contained CRT workstation for data entry applications. Both interactive and batch mode capabilities are basic features in the firmware architecture. The 8080A microprocessor, segmented software design, expandable memory, and program entry mode offer excellent system flexibility and an unmatched cost/benefit ratio. Other salient features include upload and download capability, multiple transmission modes, eight video levels, user definable function keys plus on-line and local printer options with print control codes. Operator ease has been assured through the use of a detachable typewriter-style keyboard with an 11 key numeric pad. Data entry features are enhanced through forms generated alpha-numeric, alpha, numeric, must fill, and total fill field attributes. A self-diagnostic routine will activate upon power-up or under operator control. A low-cost conversational video terminal that offers performance, design features and reliability unmatched at its price, including a full upper/lower case display, and true APL overstrike characters. The APL/ASCII Elite 1520A is a Teletype-compatible CRT terminal that displays 1920 alphanumeric characters in a 24 line/80 character format, with a full 128-character upper and lower case ASCII set, and APL switch-selectable capability. The stand-alone terminal contains an alphanumeric display, keyboard (which is separated from the display for applications flexibility), storage, control logic and asynchronous communications interface. Designed for interactive applications, data entry, information retrieval and any related data communications requirement, the terminal accommodates a standard RS232C or optional 20mA current loop interface. Transmission is character by character in Half or Full duplex mode, and the speed is switch-selectable between any two speeds in the 50-to-9600 bps range-providing broad versatility in communications with a data processing system, minicomputer, or other Editing features in this versatile CRT display unit include Clear Screen, Clear to End of Page, Clear to End of Line, Cursor Up, Down, Left, Right, Home, Overstrike and Absolute Cursor Addressing. The cursor is a non-destructive, blinking or non-blinking underscore and fully addressable on a X-Y coordinate basis. Horizontal tabulation is also provided. The terminal writes from the home position in the upper left corner of the screen, and upshifts after completing a page. It also provides back-spacing capabilities. Brightness and contrast controls are provided for the convenience of the operator. The capability to drive an external printer under Keyboard or Line Control is featured and a video output is provided for driving slave monitors. Both domestic and European models of the APL/ASCII An optional version of the Elite 1520A, providing all of that terminal s features, plus true APL overstrike characters All of the Portable Elite Video Terminals have character-by-character transmission in Half or Full Duplex mode The low-cost conversational video terminal that incorporates a series of innovqtive mechanical and electronic design features to provide a level of performance, reliability and ease of maintenance unmatched at its price The Elite 1521A Video Terminal offers a broad range of features and options including a full upper/lower case display. The Elite 1521A is an unbuffered Teletype-compatible CRT terminal that displays 1920 alphanumeric characters in a 24 line/80 character format. The unit is available with either the full 128 character ASCII set or the 64 character Upper Case subset with Dual Intensity Display. The stand-alone terminal contains an alphanumeric display keyboard (which is separated from the display for applications flexibility), storage, control logic and asynchronous communications interface. Designed for interactive applications, data entry information retrieval and any related data communications requirement, the new CRT accommodates a standard RS232C or optional 20mA current loop interface. An auxiliary RS 232C transceiver interface is featured for local or remote control of card reader printer Transmission is character-by-character in Half or Full Duplex mode and the speed is switch-selectable between any seven present speeds in the 50-to-9600 bps range-providing broad versatility in communications with a data processing system, minicomputer, or other peripherals. Split Transmit/Receive speed is available. Editing features in this versatile CRT display unit include Clear Screen, Clear to End of Page, Clear to End of Line Clear Foreground, Cursor Up, Down, Left, Right, Home, Typeover and Absolute Cursor Addressing. The cursor is a nondestructive, blinking or non-blinking underscore and fully addressable on an X-Y coordinate basis. Horizontal tabulation is also provided. The terminal writes from the home position in the upper left corner of the screen, and The DTC-382 Video/Printer is an integrated communications and word processing terminal. The video unit contains four pages of data memory and four pages of field attributes. A format mode allows three methods of printing or sending information from a pre-entered form. A cursor control/text editing keyboard allows rapid information changes with line and character inserting and deleting. Line and columnar tabs are also standard features. The printer utilizes a 96 character plastic daisy wheel in its standard configuration. Heavy Duty word processing metal print wheel printer is available as an option. The word processor printer is operator switchable between 88 and 96 Easy to read display: the large 5 inch by 10 inch display of the 2640B presents up to 1,920 characters in a 24 line by 80 column format. A 9 x 15 dot character cell allows large characters to be represented accurately. Wide character and line separation, inverse video, and optional plug-in character sets with underlining, half-bright, and blinking are Full editing capability: the 2640B transmits character-by-character as an interactive terminal or is capable of operating on variable length blocks of information. Local editing allows the user to modify data before transmission to the computer. Editing and computer connect times can be significantly reduced by such standard features as: All 2640B features: The high performance 2645A Display Station offers a superset of the capabilities of the 2640B. It has the same features and benefits as the 2640B and has the many significant additional features described below. Asynchronous or Synchronous Polling Option with Daisy-Chained Sharing of Communications Resources. The 2648A Graphics Terminal combines the latest in microprocessor and raster scan technology to provide a bright, easy-to-read display. The 2648A is a flexible and feature oriented graphics terminal that is friendly and easy- to-use. It offers users the opportunity to explore and try out new ideas in graphics. The 2648A is the first grahics terminal in the growing 2640 family of terminals. It offers high performance graphic capabilities to users requiring low cost graphic terminals. Also, the 2648A offers all the alphanumeric capabilities of the 2645 terminal, making it a versatile tool for interactive graphics, data entry, and program development. The new Infoton Model 200 is a Teletype compatible display terminal with roll or page mode of operation utilizing the ASCII code set. Features include 80 x 24 character display, 9x9 dot matrix, character mode transmission, RS- 232C and 20/60 milliampre current loop interface, 16 switch selectable data rates (up to 19,200 B.P.S.) and external The unit employs a detached keyboard of solid state construction that guarantees ten times the performance of most mechanical keyboards, and comes in five different configurations to suit the users’ unique requirements. Available options include upper/lower case, printer interface, answerback, cursor control cluster, function keys, The standard Model 200/1 offers a price that is among the lowest in the the industry, at $795.00, in quantities 100. The new Infoton Model 400 is a multi-functional Terminal utilizing the ASCII code set. The advanced functionality is a result of the powerful Z-80 microprocessor and unique firmware design. Capabilities include complete formating and editing with six variations of block mode transmission, 7 video attributes as well as character mode for normal log-in procedures or straight character operation. Features include 80 x 25 character display, 9x9 dot matrix, RS- 232C and 20/60 milliampre current loop interface, 16 switch selectable data rates (up to 19,200 B.P.S.) and external. The unit employs a detached keyboard of solid state construction that guarantees ten times the performance of most mechanical keyboards, and comes in two different configurations to suit the users’ unique requirements. Available options include printer interface, polling and international version keyboards. The communication interface is based upon the use of control function sequences for controlling modes of video representation allowing the software designer the ultimate in terminal control and flexibility. The standard Model 400/4 offers a price that is among the lowest in the industry, at $1,095 in quantities of 100. The Model 736 is a special purpose video display terminal ideally suited for laboratory data collection, accounting applications and general applications requiring numeric input and prompting. The Mode! 736 can be customized for specific applications by engraving function keys and installing a custom film legend for prompting. Also available is a custom transmit PROM capability that allows the user to define up to 38 unique ASCII characters for transmission to the timesharing system. Both half and full duplex modes are available and the terminal provides both RS232C and company Name LEAR SIEGLER, INC./Electronic Instrumentation Division. Data Products The ADM-3A is a teletype compatible, data entry display terminal designed for asynchronous applications. It features a 12 inch diagonal, 24-line screen and 1920 easy-to-read, white characters. The terminal has 59 data entry keys with 64 ASCII characters displayed in upper case, plus punctuation and control as standard. 33 positive action switches allow the use of 11 different baud rates (from 75 to 19,200 baud), and RS-232C interface, or a 20mA current company Name LEAR SIEGLER, INC./Electronic Instrumentation Division, Data Products The VDP-400 is a mini computer-based intelligent terminal featuring 16 user programmable function keys, 20K to 32K bytes of ROM and 6K to 32K bytes of RAM. It offers 16 combinations of visual attributes, alpha/numeric entry inhibit, protected fields and adjustable line and page length. The terminals 15 inch diagonal, 24 x 80 character display acts as a window to memory enabling a page or any segment of a page to be displayed and scrolled backward or forward, line-by-line or screen-by-screen for simple, convenient editing. In addition a 25th display line is provided for continuous display of terminal status as well as for display of time of day, error conditions and messages from the host. Standard editing capabilities include: insert character/line; delete character/line; line/page erase. Defined field operations are send, print, and assign attributes. The terminal s three piece modular design permits the user to lock the monitor and keyboard in place with the control unit, or independently arrange them to The MIGET, short for Miniature Interface General-purpose Economy Terminal, is an LED display terminal with 32 characters of semi-conductor buffer storage, matching the characters entered into its visual LED display. The device is powered by 110 volt AC (240 volt AC for export models). Communication to the computer is made via RS- 232-C connector on the back of the unit. There is a switch on the bottom of the device which provides baud rate The TIGER, short for Television Integrated General-purpose Economy Remote time-sharing terminal, enables a user supplied TV set to operate as a video display terminal with 1024 characters of storage. The standard display format is 16 lines of 64 characters per line; while a 16 line by 32 character display format is also available. The device is powered by 110 volt AC (240 volt AC for export models). Connection to the computer is accomplished by audio tones sent and received over standard telephone by the built in Bell-103 compatible coupler. The jack on the back of the unit is connected (via the adaptor cable) to any standard television set. The keyboard operation and switch selection is the same as for the MIGET, except that normal operation is hard-wired to even parity. The Model 1100 is an interactive video display terminal with a 24 line by 80 column format. The 9x12 character matrix, high-resolution monitor, block cursor, eye-level screen and anti-glare filter make it easy to use. It displays all 128 ASCII characters including control characters in its transparent mode, for fast and easy software debugging. The host computer can position the cursor either relatively or absolutely and can also read the cursor’s actual position. The familiar typewriter-like keyboard includes keys for shift lock, upper case only, tab, backtab, print, and repeat. Each key repeats automatically if held down longer than 1 second. Tabs can be set at any or all of the 80 positions. The Model 1100 uses Teletype™ communications protocol. The standard interface is RS232. Baud rate is switchable from 75 to 9600. Switches are also provided for one or two stop bits, four parity options, and full or half duplex operation. The purchase price above includes one of four communication cables, depending on the The Model 1200 is an editing terminal oriented to transaction processing. Its editing features include insert character string, delete character, insert/delete line, clear line/field, clear unprotected, and clear all. Programmable field attributes to control data entry are protect/unprotect, non-display (passwords), and numeric only. Attributes that modify data presentation for emphasis are: half-bright, inverse video, and blink, with all combinations available. The host can position the cursor anywhere, and can read its location. In the block mode, the host can call for all data, unprotected data, or operator modified fields only, by line, by message, or full page. A request to send mode is available, and both features minimize host and line loading. The display uses a high-resolution monitor, a highly legible 9x12 character matrix providing true descenders on lower-case letters, eye-level, anti-glare screen. Options include form drawing ability, international character sets, reprogrammable function keys, shiftable to 32. The familiar, typewriter-like keyboard has automatic repeat ability and separate key pads for cursor positioning, optional printer and tab control numeric data entry, editing, and terminal mode control. Communications are RS232, with switchable baud rates from 75 to 9600. Switches are also provided for the number of stop bits, four parity options, full/half-duplex, automatic tabs over attribute bytes and tab controls, and inverse video. The price of The Model 6200A Micrographic™ computer terminal offers high resolution color graphics and alphanumerics at an affordable price. The terminal is very easy to program with ASCII text strings and is TTY compatible. Resolution is 512 elements by 256 lines. The independently refreshed alphanumerics are addressable anywhere within a 25 row by 80 character matrix and the characters can be individually erased, modified or updated. A user can select any eight out of a possible 64 colors for both graphics and alphanumerics. Options are available including extended Headquarters Contact Jack Liskear, ProdllCt Line Mgr. Telephone Number: (503) 644-0161 The 4024 can display a full 34 lines of 80 characters each on its 12-inch diagonal display screen. The complete upper and lower case ASCII character set is provided. The keyboard is layed out in a familiar office typewriter configuration. Predefined editing keys let you insert, and delete lines and characters. Thirteen user definable keys, plus virtually any other key on the keyboard, can be defined to generate a command or character string. Our green- on-black screen with adjustable brightness level is easy on the eyes. A 4K memory is standard, but can expand to The Forms Ruling package can duplicate essentially any source document. To make data entry and editing easier, you can divide the display screen into two separate display areas, each with independent scrolling. Expandable memory and scrolling let you create forms far beyond the length of the display screen. Visual attributes include enhanced, blank and blinking fields. Logical attributes include protected fields, modified, alphanumeric or numeric only. Operation is easy for anyone, because the 4024 uses English language commands based on the ASCII By using our optional integrated 4025 Polling Controller you can poll multiple 4024 s on a single date communications line. When you’re ready to go beyond data entry and editing, the 4025 gives you the unique ability to expand your terminal from basic alphanumerics, to forms ruling, and then into graphics. The keyboard is layed out in a familiar office typewriter configuration. Predefined editing keys let you insert, and delete lines and characters. Thirteen user definable keys, plus virtually any other key on the keyboard, can be defined to generate a command or character string. Our green-on-black screen with adjustable brightness level is easy on the eyes. A 4K memory is standard, but can expand to 32K, allowing buffering and scrolling of hundreds, even thousands of words. The Forms Ruling package can duplicate essentially any source document. To make data entry and editing easier, you can divide the display screen into two separate display areas, each with independent scrolling. Expandable memory and scrolling let you create forms far beyond the length of the display screen. Visual attributes include enhanced, blank and blinking fields. Logical attributes include protected fields, modified, alphanumeric or numeric only. Operation is easy for anyone, because the 4025 uses English language commands based on the ASCII character set. By using our optional integrated 4025 Polling Controller you can poll multiple terminals on a single data communications line. Add Graphics: For the first time you can create and store multiple graphs in the terminal memory, create more than one graph on a single page, and scroll graphics alog wih a allhanumeric information. The Plot 10 Easy Graphing software package lets you interactively create bar charts with multiple shadings, histograms, log plots, pie charts and period axes all with a wide variety of labeling options. With this total format flexibility, you can now create page after page of reports that include combinations of alphanumerics, forms and graphs; and copy both screen and buffered displays (80 char, x 53 lines) on the Tektronix 4631 Hard Copy Unit. The 770 is a totally integrated intelligent terminal package incorporating Tl’s TMS 9900 microprocessor, ROM and RAM memory, dual mini-cartridge magnetic tape drives for mass storage, a 1920-character video display with 96 ASCII character set, and a keyboard with separate numeric, cursor control and programmable function key clusters. For larger system requirements, a number of powerful hardware options are available for installation in the terminal. You can, for example, expand memory up to 24K bytes, install an internal, non-impact, 30-cps printer with 96 ASCII character set, select video display graphics, and utilize a comprehensive set of data communications The 770 also features TX 770, a real-time, multi-tasking ROM resident operating system supporting RAM memory configurations up to 24K bytes. And there’s TPL 700, a flexible, business-oriented, high-level language. The 770 Intelligent Terminal is part of Tl’s growing family of distributed processing products. The Volker-Craig VC404 is a low cost teletype compatible terminal with numerous standard features designed to A detachable keyboard, tactile feedback, auto repeat, typewriter layout, cursor control cluster, and switch Cursor addressing, Transparent/Tape mode for displaying all 128 ASCII codes and composite video output for Options include a bidirectional serial peripheral interface, numeric pad and function keys, APL character set (non overstrike), colored display screens and numerous foreign keyboards and character sets. Call Volker-Craig Ltd. or a local distributor for more information on prices, quantity discounts and delivery. The Volker-Craig VC414 is a microprocessor based, fully buffered editing data terminal. A detachable keyboard, non glare screen, quiet operation, fast transmission speed, character highlighting, and numerous standard features The VC414 Block Mode allows for formatted data entry and complete local editing before transmission of all or variable data to the computer. Multi-level display and blinking/reverse video let the operator or programmer Keyboard reliability, tactile feedback, auto repeat, switch selectable upper/lower case, editing keys, numeric pad and function keys, and a complete cursor control key cluster for operator convenience are standard. Options including serial and parallel peripheral interfaces and colored display screens, provide maximum flexibility to meet Both domestic and export versions of the VC414 are available now. Write or call us today for more information on The Video 100 is an interactive display terminal - a device used to enter, display and send information to a remote station or computer, and to receive and display information from the remote end. It is available in EIA, Acousticly The Video 100 offers: switch selectable half- or full-duplex operation, bottom line data entry with upward page scroll and end-of-line audible tone. It can be employed in a multi-terminal environment where applications require fast, visual display of data or in an environment which requires quiet terminal for noise-free operation. Also, the Video 100 can be associated with any of our existing teleprinters or magnetic tape cassette and our The Model A1 using the daisy wheel print mechanism for high quality full character print. The print fonts and ribbon cartridges can be changed easily, with 50 different print styles available. There is an optional Justification mode for right/left column and/or multiple column Justification and several firmware options that allow custom configurations for the individual customer. The Superplot software option allows graphics to be produced 5 to 50 times faster than basic plot software. Agile is Cal-Comp compatible and is available on most time sharing systems. Available in 80 Column Friction and 80 and 132 Column Tractor Feed models, the DATASPEED 40 printer may be utilized in conjunction with the DATASPEED 40/1, 40/2, 40/3 and 40/4 communications display terminals or as a Receive-Only Printer. (80 Column Friction Feed Receive-Only Printer shown above) The DATASPEED 40 printers print by means of individual typepallets in an endless revolving carrier belt. This method provides for high speed column printer) wide. Standard form lengths handled are 2 5/6, 5 1/2 and 11 inches. Additional form length control belts are available to handle 29 form lengths between 2 1/2 and22 inches in multiples of 1/6 inches. The 101A is a medium speed, 165 character per second, serial, impact printer which uses dot matrix techniques for character generation. It is completely self-contained unit which includes the mechanical and electro-mechanical components, control logic, character pattern generator, single line buffer (132 characters) and power supply. The 102A is a high speed, 330 character per second, serial, impact printer which uses a 9 x 7 dot matrix pattern for character generation. The fast 125 Ipm speed of 132 charaters/line is achieved with bi-directional printing. Two print heads, operating in unison, print a 132 character line with each head traveling only one-half the width of the paper. The Mode! 103 is Centronics answer to the market’s need for increasing the throughput of high speed serial printers. Printing efficiency has been maximized with the development of bi-directional printing and the elimination of time wasting carriage returns. The 103 is a completely self-contained unit which includes the mechanical and electromechanical components, control logic, character pattern generation, single line buffer (132 characters) and 1 Printing Speed: 101A - 165 char/sec; 102A - 330 char/sec; 103 - 165 char/sec. 2 Purchase Cost (With Coupler) with RS232: $1500 - 101 A; $1745 - 102A; $1945 - 103. The DTC 302 RO is a receive only printer capable of printing continuously at 300 baud and up to 1200 baud in burst mode. Variable escapement, full horizontal and vertical format control, bidirectional printing and plotting capability Options include roll around stand, paper tray, dual cam pinfeed platen, forms tractor, word processing printer and The Model AH Receive Only Teleprinter is a solid-state, receive-only unit which provides a 5 x 7 dot matrix printout upon receipt of serial data from appropriate transmission sources. The unit is designed for continuous- or intermittent-duty applications, and is capable of printing asynchronously at any speed up to 30 characters per AH Teleprinters are designed to operate from either a 115VAC or 230 VAC 50 to 400 Hz, power source. Though the electronic control circuitry is advanced, the printing mechanism of every teleprinter in the series is simple-and every machine operates with little noise and great reiiability. Thanks to the machine’s modular construction, the electronic and mechanical assemblies can be removed easily, and components may be used interchangeable, This model can be optioned for internal selective calling, direct line connect modem (FCC registration #AQ993Z-70019-DM-N), FSK modem, RS232, neutral or high level polar interfaces. Additional options include EBS The TermiNet 120, 310, 320, 330, and 340 line printers are an extension of the highly successful rotating belt technology that has been the basis for the reliability of the rest of the belt printer family. The 7 printed circuit boards of 5 types are common among this group of line printers. On-the-job testing and troubleshooting are easy because The print rate varies with the number of printable characters per line and the size of the ASCII subset. Rates range from 90 Ipm to 340 Ipm, including one linefeed per line. Spaces do not count. The TermiNet belt printer group boasts parts commonality, resulting in a lower spares investment for TermiNet printer customers. Line printer applications include Mini-Computer Peripherals, CRT Hard Copy, Off-Line Printers, Broadcast Systems, Remote Features of the TermiNet 310-340 line printer series include unique re-inkable ribbon cartridge design with Mobius loop ribbon; test button to provide rapid checkout of printer action; front (recommended for multipart forms) and rearloading paper; 14 LEDs to facilitate troubleshooting; multi-interface capabilities; vertical format unit; adjustable tractors; forms capability to 14" long and from 3" to 15" wide; 132 print positions; horizontal reference scale; 6-8 Features of the TermiNet 120 printer include a test key to facilitate testing without a data source interface; standard business machine ribbon with re-inking feature; front or rear paper feed. Option include 80 or 120 Print Position; Upper Case Only or Upper/Lower Case Printing; Vertical Format Unit; Pedestal Configuration. The PRU1001 is a 30 cps serial printer terminal with an asynchronous transmission rate of 300 bits per second (bps) and an internal buffer of 64 characters. The PRU1002 is 120 cps with a transmission rate of 1200 bps and an internal The PRU1003 is a 30 cps serial printer terminal with horizontal and vertical tab setting capability, an internal buffer of 64 characters, and selectable transmission rates of 110, 200 and 300 bps. The PRU 1005 is 120 cps with horizontal and vertical tab setting, an internal buffer of 1000 characters and a transmission rate of 1200 bps. panel, which indicates next column to be printed in (avail, with PRU1003 and PRU1005). The Model 650 CRT Page Printer produces a full 1920 character (24 x 80) CRT screen in less than 20 seconds on a piece of 8 V 2 x 11 thermal paper at 300 cps. Its combination of 9600 baud maximum data transfer rate and full screen buffer allows it to free the CRT from all other functions after only two seconds. Thermal printing occurs at approximately 100 characters/second, entirely independent of the CRT. The character set consists of all 94 printable ASC 11 characters, upper and lower case, presented in a 9 x 12 dot matrix for maximum readability. Perkin-Elmer provides warranty-safe thermal paper in convenient long lasting 300 foot rolls. A unique thermal printing design utilizes stationary heads and only one moving part, the platen and associated drive The interface is serial RS232C/CCITT-V24, with switchable baud rates of 300, 600, 1200, 2400, 4800, and 9600. A A microprocessor-controlled daisywheel printer specifically designed for integration into data processing systems. Available as an RO Printer, the Sprint 5 provides high quality, high speed daisywheel printing. Important features The 4642 is a tabletop, 80 column, impact printer designed for use with the Tektronix 4024, 4025, and 4051. The standard printer also allows 132 column output by the selection of a condensed character set. Standard paper feed is by friction and uses inexpensive roll paper. Tractor feed is available as an option. The printer has 96 standard With ATs unique graphics capabilities, you don’t have to go to a remote plotter or waste your time with manmual charting. A1 lets you produce detailed plots of scientific and business data right at the terminal in your choice of two THE BASIC PLOT - In the basic plot mode, data points are plotted as they are generated by your program. It’s not necessary to lay out the entire graph in memory first. Four controls monitor forward and backward horizontal movement in 1/60-inch increments and upward and downward paper movement in 1/48-inch increments. Text can be added while the graph is being produced, and can be printed forward, backward, vertically, horizontally, or THE SUPERPLOT REVEALED - In the superplot mode, you can produce a graph 5 to 50 times faster than in the basic mode. Rather than arriving at a plotting position by incremental steps at terminal speed, superpiot lets the terminal move up to 14 increments in both horizontal and vertical directions at the same time with a single-character Agile’s Plot Support Package is available on most major commercial time-sharing systems. This means you can The DTC-382 Data Terminal has two plot modes. The fundamental plot mode is driven by LF, SP, BS and RLF codes in addition to using any character for plotting. The super plot mode utilizes a quadrature and vector system of plotting where a digit sets the quadrant for the plot direction, single or double value move and pen up or pen down. The plot character gives X and Y vector motion according to its value. A series of characters can be used to draw GENERAL - NEC Information Systems’ new Model 5510 Receive Only and Model 5520 Keyboard Send/Receive SPINWRITER terminals are microprocessor controlled serial, impact terminals designed for remote printing applications where impeccable print quality is required. The SPINWRITER terminals print up to 55 characters per second while receiving data at rates up to 120 characters per second via the RS-232C/CCITT V.24 interface. The unique print element, called a print thimble, contains up to 128 fully formed characters. If the number of characters is limited to 125, a space is left so that the last characters printed are fully visible to the operator. PRINT THIMBLE - The SPINWRITER’s unique small-diamter, low-mass print element is a low-cost, long-life, fiberglass reinforced plastic “thimble” that is produced by arranging cylindrically and molding 64 individual, spring action fingers on which two characters are mounted, one above the other. Normal print element life is more than 30 COMMUNICATION CAPABILITY - The SPINWRITER can be interfaced to a data communication network through a Bell 103-type modem (or equivalent). It communicates in either half or full duplex at data rates of 110, 300 or 1200 Baud (optional rates are 150, 200 and 600. Received characters are stored in a 256 character communication line buffer while keyboard generated characters pass through a 16 character buffer. OPERATING NOISE LEVEL - The SPINWRITER is quiet—only 60 dB with the standard die-cast aluminum cover installed, 67 dB (Maximum) with cover removed. The low operating noise level allows the SPINWRITER to be used The Ramtek 6110 is a low cost, Colorgraphics computer terminal with bit-per-eiement display memory and a TV compatible display format. The Ramtek 6000 Series gives to the computer graphics marketplace a highly modular and compatible graphics terminal line which allows you to get full-color output from your computer. Ramtek gives The 6110 Colorgraphic Computer Terminal integrates the latest in raster scan graphics and microprocessor technology with a resident graphics programming language to provide a low cost Colorgraphics terminal. The Colorgraphics Language is a powerful set of user-oriented commands that are easy to learn and easy to use This offers computer graphics users an efficient way to add color to their existing graphics applications. It allows The Ramtek 6200A is a sophisticated, interactive computer terminal which provides the computer user with high resolution, raster scan Colorgraphics. The Ramtek 6000 Series provides to the computer graphics marketplace a highly-modular and flexible graphics terminal which gives you full color output from your computer. Ramtek gives The 6200A Colorgraphic Computer Terminal integrates the latest in raster scan graphics and microprocessor technology with an interpretive graphics programming language to provide a comprehensive Colorgraphics terminal. The Colorgraphic Programming Language is a powerful set of user-oriented commands rhat are easy to learn and easy to use. This offers graphics users an efficient way to add color to their existing graphics applications. It allows non-graphics users an effective way to move immediately to Colorgraphics. The Ramtek 6310 is an ultra-high resolution Colorgraphics computer terminal which provides the sophisticated computer graphics user the most advanced color and graphics raster scan terminal evailable. The Ramtek 6000 Series gives to the computer graphics marketplace a highly-modular and compatible graphics terminal line which allows you to get full-color output from your computer. Ramtek gives you the highest technology Colorgraphics The 6310 Codorgraphic Computer Terminal integrates an ultra-high resolution display, the latest in raster scan graphics and microprocessor technology with a resident graphics programming language to provide the technology leader in Colorgraphics terminals. The Colorgraphics language is a powerful set of user-oriented commands that are easy to learn and easy to use. This offers graphics users an efficient way to add color to their existing graphics applications, it allows non-graphics users an effective way to move directly to Colorgraphics. The 4006-1 is a low cost, desk-top graphics terminal. Connects readily to most mainframes through the RS-232-C interface. Display medium is direct-view bistable storage tube, which produces sharp, flicker-free images. The 11 inch screen provides up to 1024 x 780Y viewable points. Compatible with the Tektronix 4631 hard copy unit, the The 4014-1 is a 19 inch, high resolution graphics terminal. Uses direct-view bistable storage tube display, for sharp, non-flickering images. Over 12 million dispiayable points. Optional plug-in intelligence provides programmable keyboard capability, local symbol design, scaling, clipping and rotation. Hard copy and plotter compatibility. The 4016-1 is a 25 inch high resolution graphics terminal. Uses DVST display technology for flicker-free images. Over 15,000 displayabie characters. Complete 4014-1 compatibility. Optional plug-in intelligence provides up to 28K of usable graphics display memory, relative graphics, scaling, rotation, programmable keyboard and other The 4025 Is a 12 inch raster scan graphics terminal. Can be used for optional forms ruling applications as well as graphics. Predefined editing keys. User definable keyboard. Standard 4K memory expandable to 32K and provides buffering and scrolling capability. Split screen display, each with independent scrolling of graphics or The new Tektronix 4027 Color Graphics Terminal is a high performance, raster scan display terminal. Like the 4025, its capabilities include scrolling graphics and alphanumerics and multipaged graphing, plus color. Colors can be selected from a 64 color palette with up to eight colors simultaneously on the screen. Firmware controls color vectors, characters and symbols and fills polygons. When filling polygons, the firmware allows the user to select any of 120 different user-definable patterns or color combinations. Gray-scale hard copy compatible The 1150 combines powerful processing and data storage capabilities in a processor which incorporates advanced The 4k system ROM/24k maximum user memory permits usage of sophisticated software. The 1170 allows The 1150 is available with 2, 3, or 4 diskette drives. The machine comes with a high speed, video display screen. The Datapoint 1170 Dispersed Processor provides users with the perfect balance of processing power and flexibility. Incorporating a 5500-type processor with 48k user memory, the 1170 also offers the convenience and Supports virtually all the standard software designed to run on the 5500 advanced business processor, including a version of DATASHARE business time-sharing system (developed specially for diskettes.) The DS41170 can be Also functions as a stand-alone business computing facility. The 48k processor will both compile and execute Rapid execution of RPGII, COBOL. Provides power for a multiterminal DATASHARE system. Control functions are contained within processor and include keyboard, display, dual cassette decks, 48k user memory (in addition to Higher operating speed, complete upward programming, double precision arithmetic, indexing, basing, segmented Most powerful computer in the datapoint family of dispersed data processing and business computing systems. Designed for compatibility with existing hardware and peripherals, the 6600 provides an excellent and economic upgrade path for present Datapoint users as well as a powerful top end computing facility for new users. Features 120k user memory, 16-bit wide internal architecture, 600 nanosecond memory cycle speed and enhanced instruction set. The computing facility, which is designed for use with disk-based systems, incorporates a typewriter style keyboard plus 11-key numeric pad, video display and dual cassette decks. Utilized as a host computer for the multitask, multiuser DATASHARE business time-sharing system, the 6600 can support up to 24 Datapoint 3600 video display terminals. Each of the 3600 terminals can direct the execution of the same or different programs concurrently. Under memory partitioning software, the 6600 will support both these time-sharing applications and batch communications to a remote site simultaneously. GENERAL - NEC Information Systems’ new Model 5510 Receive Only and Model 5520 Keyboard Send/Receive SPINWRITER terminals are microprocessor controlled serial, impact terminals designed for remote printing applications where impeccable print quality is required. The SPINWRITER terminals print up to 55 characters per second while receiving data at rates up to 120 characters per second via the RS-232C/CCITT V.24 interface. The unique print element, called a print thimble, contains up to 128 fully formed characters. If the number of characters is limited to 125, a space is left so that the last characters printed are fully visible to the operator. PRINT THIMBLE - The SPINWRITER s unique small-diameter, low-mass print element is a low-cost, long-life, fiberglass reinforced plastic “thimble” that is produced by arranging cylindricaliy and molding 64 individual, spring action fingers on which two characters are mounted, one above the other. Normal print element life is more than 30 COMMUNICATION CAPABILITY - The SPINWRITER can be interfaced to a data communication network through a Bell 103-type modem (or equivalent). It communicates in either half or full duplex at data rates of 110, 300 or 1200 Baud (optional rates are 150, 200 and 600). Received characters are stored in a 256 character communication line buffer while keyboard generated characters pass through a 16 character buffer. OPERATING NOISE LEVEL - The SPINWRITER is quiet—only 60 dB with the standard die-cast aluminum cover installed, 67 dB (Maximum) with cover removed. The low operating noise level allows the SPINWRITER to be used Mitron Systems MDRS-9 and STD terminals serve as off line communications controllers with magnetic tape serving as the computer interface. Features include 9 Track 800 or 1600, or 7 Track tape drives, code conversion, asynchronous or synchronous communications, dialable data rates, autodialing and multiple ports. Application in batch data collection and transmission to remote terminals, tape to tape communications, photocomposition, word processing, mag card conversion, paper tape conversion, TWX to magnetic tape, data The PDT-11/150 system is an entry-level user programmable, intelligent terminal with local disk storage. As with other members of the PDT-11 family, it combines the functionality of the VT100 terminal with the power of a PDP-11 compatible processor, and provides up to 60K bytes of random access memory, asynchronous and synchronous host communication port, and dual floppy disks with 512K bytes of mass storage. Unlike other members of the family, however, the PDT-11/150’s mass storage and intelligent modules are contained in a separate enclosure similar in appearance to the VT100 cabinet. Both enclosures can easily fit on an office desk. In its entry-level configuration, the PDT-11/150 includes three ports which allow for system expansion. By adding a terminal controller to its terminal port, it can support up to 3 extra terminals, making it a powerful remote workstation. To provide hardcopy capability, any of Digital’s LA series of printers can be connected to the printer port and a third The PDT-11/151 utilizes Digital’s VT100 video terminal as the console device. The PDT-11/154 utilizes Digital’s LSI20, DECWRITER III 1200 baud hardcopy teleprinter as console. The PDT-11/155 utilizes Digital’s LA36 MDSI®’s ST-1 tape preparation center provides a convenient and cost-effective method of creating, editing and duplicating NC tapes. The ST-1 eliminates the need for conventional tape punching equipment, but, more than that, applies microprocessor technology to increase NC productivity and reduce overall costs through fast, accurate and The SWS 2001 Series can be used as a stand alone or as an option, a telecommunications terminal interfacing with a host computer. The SWS 2001 Series is comprised of a video display terminal, keyboard, dual floppy disk and optional hard disk mounted in an attractive work station desk. Terminal can be programmed for word processing or forms control utilizing functions like text editing, deleting, enter/search, and many more. The System 700 can be used as either a stand alone or in a telecommunication environment and emulate a variety of communication protocols, such as the IBM 3270, IBM 2260, UNIVAC U100, and IBM 2741, among many. The System 700 can be custom designed to meet your exact application with software to match the application. Peripherals that are available to interface with the System 700 are printers, touch screen, floppy disk, hard disk, The NCR C-7510 Data Entry system s modular design provides the ability to configure hardware, firmware/software The NCR C-7530 is one of the most flexible Media Conversion systems available. The following Media Conversion The Ramtek 6110 is a low cost, Colorgraphics computer terminal with blt-per-element display memory and a TV compatible display format. The Ramtek 6000 Series gives to the computer graphics marketplace a highly-modular and compatible graphics terminal line which allows you to get full-color output form your computer. Ramtek gives The 6100 Colorgraphic Computer Terminal integrates the latest in raster scan graphics and microprocessor technology with a resident graphics programming language to provide a low cost Colorgraphics terminal. The Colorgraphics Language is a powerful set of user-oriented commands that are easy to learn and easy to use. This offers computer graphics users an efficient way to add color to their existing graphics applications. It allows nongraphics users an effective way to move directly to Colorgraphics. The 6200A Colorgraphic Computer Terminal integrates the latest in raster scan graphics and microprocessor technology with an interpretive graphics programming language to provide a comprehensive Colorgraphics terminal. The Colorgraphic Programming Language is a powerful set of user-oriented commands that are easy to learn and easy to use. This offers graphics users an efficient way to add color to their existing graphics applications. It allows non-graphics users an effective way to move immediately to Colorgraphics. The 6200 has full color graphic and alphanumerics capabilities. The independent graphic and alphanumeric random access memories (RAM) may be viewed either together or separately. This provides maximum flexibility to the user. The bright, flicker-free color display may be easily viewed in typical ambient light conditions. And, in Teletype compatibility allows the user immediate access to his computer system. The 6200A has several options available to increase the graphics utility of the terminal in the computer graphics movement. The Ramtek 6310 is an ultra-high resolution Colorgraphics computer terminal which provides the sophisticated computer graphics user the most advanced color and graphics raster scan terminal available. The Ramtek 6000 Series gives to the computer graphics marketplace a highiy-modular and compatible graphics terminal line which allows you to get full-color output from your computer. Ramtek gives you the highest technology The 6310 Colorgraphic Computer Terminal integrates an ultra-high resolution display, the latest in raster scan graphics and microprocessor technology with a resident graphics programming language to provide the technology leader in Colorgraphics terminals. The Colorgraphics language is a powerful set of user-oriented commands that are easy to learn and easy to use. This offers graphics users an efficient way to add color to their existing graphics applications. It allows non-graphics users an effective way to move directly to Colorgraphics. The Silent 700 Model 742 is a completely self-supporting Intelligent terminal, requiring no extra peripherals to generate, edit, translate, and execute application programs. Standard features include: — Internal modems and interfaces to external Modems; Auto-call and/or Auto-answer capability 1 8-bit ASCII asynchronous/8-bit EBCDIC, BSC protocol with CRC checking supported by internal and external 2 8 key stroke buffer; 1920 character screen buffer; for communications—specified by program. — internal modems and interfaces to external modems, auto-call and/or auto-answer capability 1 8 bit ASCII asynchronous/8 bit EBCDIC, BSC protocol with CRC checking, supported by internal or external 2 8 key stroke buffer; 1920 character screen buffer; for communications—specified by program. 